OSDOCS-3122: Migrating from version 3 to 4 overview (#40171)
openshift/openshift-docs: migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/index.adoc

[id='migration-from-version-3-to-4-overview']
= Migration from version 3 to 4 overview

> {product-title} 4 clusters are different from {product-title} 3 clusters. {product-title} 4 clusters contain new technologies and functionality that result in a cluster that is self-managing, flexible, and automated To know more about migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4 see,

Reviewer: >and automated To know more about migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4 see,
does it miss a full stop before `To know`?

Author: The link was missing after `see,` fixed it.

** Architecture
** Installation and upgrade
** Storage, network, logging, security, and monitoring considerations

* Planning considerations: Before migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4 plan your considerations. Review the following information for planning considerations:
** DNS considerations
*** Isolating the DNS domain of the target cluster from the clients.
*** Setting up the target cluster to accept the source DNS domain.

You can migrate stateful application workloads from {product-title} 3 to 4 at the granularity of a namespace. To know more about MTC see the xref:../migration_toolkit_for_containers/about-mtc.adoc#about-mtc[Understanding MTC].

xref:../migration_toolkit_for_containers/installing-mtc.adoc#installing-mtc[MTC installation]:  You install the Migration Toolkit for Containers Operator on {product-title} {product-version} by using OLM. You manually install the legacy Migration Toolkit for Containers Operator on {product-title} 3. After installing MTC, you must configure an object storage to use as a replication repository. You can do the following as a part of installing MTC:

> * xref:../migration_toolkit_for_containers/modules/installing-mtc.adoc#installing-mtc[Migration Toolkit for Containers Operator on {product tile}]

Reviewer: >{product tile}
It should be `{product-title}`, right?

Author: fixed

> [id="migration-from-version-3-to-4-overview"]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="migration-from-version-3-to-4-overview"]
```

= Migration from version 3 to 4 overview
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: migration-from-version-3-to-4-overview

toc::[]

{product-title} 4 clusters are different from {product-title} 3 clusters. {product-title} 4 clusters contain new technologies and functionality that result in a cluster that is self-managing, flexible, and automated. To learn more about migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4 see xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/about-migrating-from-3-to-4.adoc#about-migrating-from-3-to-4[About migrating from OpenShift Container Platform 3 to 4].

[id="mtc-3-to-4-overview-differences-mtc"]

> === Differences between {product-title} 3 and 4

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Differences between {product-title} 3 and 4
```

> Before migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4, you can check xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/planning-migration-3-4.adoc#planning-migration-3-4[differences between {product-title} 3 and 4]. Review the following information:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4, review the xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/planning-migration-3-4.adoc#planning-migration-3-4[differences between {product-title} 3 and 4] for information about the following areas:
```

> ** Architecture

Reviewer 2: They appear to be rendering correctly, but some of your [bulleted lists](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/lists/unordered/#nested-unordered-list) are nested one level deeper than they need to be.

Author: ack

** Installation and upgrade
** Storage, network, logging, security, and monitoring considerations

[id="mtc-3-to-4-overview-planning-network-considerations-mtc"]

> === Planning network considerations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Planning network considerations
```

Before migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4, review the following information on networking considerations:

> ** xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/planning-considerations-3-4.adoc#dns-considerations_planning-considerations-3-4[DNS considerations]

Reviewer 2: It's interesting that you're putting xrefs to the individual sections of a single doc in this list and the link to the doc in the intro and a plain ordered list in the previous section. Consider treating these parallel sections the same way. (I'd add links to the previous section.)

Author: Addressed

*** xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/planning-considerations-3-4.adoc#migration-isolating-dns-domain-of-target-cluster-from-clients_planning-considerations-3-4[Isolating the DNS domain of the target cluster from the clients].
*** xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/planning-considerations-3-4.adoc#migration-setting-up-target-cluster-to-accept-source-dns-domain_planning-considerations-3-4[Setting up the target cluster to accept the source DNS domain].

You can migrate stateful application workloads from {product-title} 3 to 4 at the granularity of a namespace. To learn more about MTC see xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/about-mtc-3-4.adoc#about-mtc-3-4[Understanding MTC].

[NOTE]
====
If you are migrating from {product-title} 3, see xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/about-migrating-from-3-to-4.adoc#about-migrating-from-3-to-4[About migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4] and xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/installing-3-4.adoc#migration-installing-legacy-operator_installing-3-4[Installing the legacy {mtc-full} Operator on {product-title} 3].
====

[id="mtc-overview-install-mtc"]
== Installing MTC
Review the following tasks to install the MTC:

> . Install the {mtc-full} Operator on target cluster by using Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM).

Reviewer 2: Can these first two list items have links?

Author: Addressed

> . Install the legacy {mtc-full} Operator on source cluster manually.

Reviewer 2: Without actually reading any of the previous links, I'm a bit surprised that the user needs two clusters. Should there be another step before line 37?

Author: @XinRedhat Can you please confirm if we need one more step here?

Reviewer: that's all for MTC installation.

Author: Thanks for confirming

Author: Addressed

* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-viewing-migration-plan-log_troubleshooting-3-4[Viewing the migration plan aggregated log file]
* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-using-mig-log-reader_troubleshooting-3-4[Using the migration log reader]
* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-accessing-performance-metrics_troubleshooting-3-4[Accessing performance metrics]
* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-using-must-gather_troubleshooting-3-4[Using the `must-gather` tool]
* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-debugging-velero-resources_troubleshooting-3-4[Using the Velero CLI to debug Backup and Restore CRs]
* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-using-mtc-crs-for-troubleshooting_troubleshooting-3-4[Using MTC custom resources for troubleshooting]
* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#common-issues-and-concerns_troubleshooting-3-4[Checking common issues and concerns]

[id="mtc-overview-roll-back-mtc"]
== Rolling back a migration

> You can xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#rolling-back-migration_troubleshooting-3-4[roll back a migration] by using the MTC web console, the CLI or manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#rolling-back-migration_troubleshooting-3-4[roll back a migration] by using the MTC web console, by using the CLI, or manually.
```

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="migration-from-version-3-to-4-overview"]

> = Migration from version 3 to 4 overview

Reviewer 3: This title is fine in the topic map, where we need a short title. However, I think that in the overview itself, a longer title would be clearer. I suggest: "Migration from OpenShift Container Platform 3 to 4 overview".

** xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/planning-considerations-3-4.adoc#migration-setting-up-target-cluster-to-accept-source-dns-domain_planning-considerations-3-4[Setting up the target cluster to accept the source DNS domain].

You can migrate stateful application workloads from {product-title} 3 to 4 at the granularity of a namespace. To learn more about MTC see xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/about-mtc-3-4.adoc#about-mtc-3-4[Understanding MTC].

[NOTE]
====
If you are migrating from {product-title} 3, see xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/about-migrating-from-3-to-4.adoc#about-migrating-from-3-to-4[About migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4] and xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/installing-3-4.adoc#migration-installing-legacy-operator_installing-3-4[Installing the legacy {mtc-full} Operator on {product-title} 3].
====

[id="mtc-overview-install-mtc"]
== Installing MTC
Review the following tasks to install the MTC:

. xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/installing-3-4.adoc#migration-installing-mtc-on-ocp-4_installing-3-4[Install the {mtc-full} Operator on target cluster by using Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM)].

> . xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/installing-3-4.adoc#migration-installing-legacy-operator_installing-3-4[Install the legacy {mtc-full} Operator on source cluster manually].

Reviewer 3: on source cluster > on the source cluster

Author: Addressed

. xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/installing-3-4.adoc#configuring-replication-repository_installing-3-4[Configure object storage to use as a replication repository].

[id="mtc-overview-upgrade-mtc"]
== Upgrading MTC
You xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/upgrading-3-4.adoc#upgrading-3-4[upgrade the {mtc-full} ({mtc-short})] on {product-title} {product-version} by using OLM. You upgrade {mtc-short} on {product-title} 3 by reinstalling the legacy {mtc-full} Operator.

[id="mtc-overview-mtc-checklists"]

> == Reviewing MTC checklists

Reviewer 3: I think that "Reviewing premigration checklists" would be clearer.

Before you migrate your application workloads with the Migration Toolkit for Containers (MTC), review the xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/premigration-checklists-3-4.adoc#premigration-checklists-3-4[premigration checklists].

[id="mtc-overview-migrate-mtc-applications"]
== Migrating applications
You can migrate your applications by using the MTC xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/migrating-applications-3-4.adoc#migrating-applications-mtc-web-console_migrating-applications-3-4[web console] or xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/advanced-migration-options-3-4.adoc#migrating-applications-cli_advanced-migration-options-3-4[the command line].

[id="mtc-overview-advanced-migration-options"]
== Advanced migration options

> You can automate your migrations and modify the MTC custom resources to improve performance of large-scale migrations by using the following options:

Reviewer 3: The placement of definite articles sounds strange, to my ear. Suggest this:

modify the MTC custom resources to improve performance of large-scale migrations > modify MTC custom resources to improve the performance of large-scale migrations

Author: Addressed

* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/advanced-migration-options-3-4.adoc#migration-controller-options_advanced-migration-options-3-4[Configuring the migration controller for large migrations]

[id="mtc-overview-troubleshooting-mtc"]
== Troubleshooting migrations
You can perform the following troubleshooting tasks:

* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-viewing-migration-plan-resources_troubleshooting-3-4[Viewing migration plan resources by using the MTC web console]
* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-viewing-migration-plan-log_troubleshooting-3-4[Viewing the migration plan aggregated log file]
* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-using-mig-log-reader_troubleshooting-3-4[Using the migration log reader]
* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-accessing-performance-metrics_troubleshooting-3-4[Accessing performance metrics]
* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-using-must-gather_troubleshooting-3-4[Using the `must-gather` tool]

> * xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-debugging-velero-resources_troubleshooting-3-4[Using the Velero CLI to debug Backup and Restore CRs]

Reviewer 3: Backup and Restore should be marked with backticks because they are CR names.

Author: Addressed

** Storage, network, logging, security, and monitoring considerations

[id="mtc-3-to-4-overview-planning-network-considerations-mtc"]
=== Planning network considerations
Before migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4, review the following information to xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/planning-migration-3-4.adoc#migration-preparing-networking[networking considerations]:

** DNS considerations
*** Isolating the DNS domain of the target cluster from the clients.
*** Setting up the target cluster to accept the source DNS domain.

You can migrate stateful application workloads from {product-title} 3 to 4 at the granularity of a namespace. To learn more about MTC see xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/about-mtc-3-4.adoc#about-mtc-3-4[understanding MTC].

[NOTE]
====
If you are migrating from {product-title} 3, see xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/about-migrating-from-3-to-4.adoc#about-migrating-from-3-to-4[About migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4] and xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/installing-3-4.adoc#migration-installing-legacy-operator_installing-3-4[Installing the legacy {mtc-full} Operator on {product-title} 3].
====

[id="mtc-overview-install-mtc"]
== Installing MTC

> You can install the {mtc-full} Operator on your target cluster by using Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM). After installing the legacy {mtc-full} Operator manually on your source cluster, xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/installing-3-4.adoc#configuring-replication-repository_installing-3-4[configure object storage to use as a replication repository].

Reviewer 3: I think the first two sentences might cause some confusion. The second sentence "After installing..." suggest that it is referring to the previous sentence. It would be better to make them both independent clauses or to make them into a short procedure:

1. Install operator on target cluster
2. Install legacy operator on source cluster
3. Configure object storage....

Author: Done

[id="migration-from-version-3-to-4-overview"]
= Migration from version 3 to 4 overview

> {product-title} 4 clusters are different from {product-title} 3 clusters. {product-title} 4 clusters contain new technologies and functionality that result in a cluster that is self-managing, flexible, and automated To know more about migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4 see, xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/about-migrating-from-3-to-4.adoc#about-migrating-from-3-to-4[migrating from version 3 to 4].

Reviewer 4: * Period after "automated".
* To know more -> To learn more
* Remove comma after "see"
* If you're going to say see <section title>, then I would write the actual heading title, which is "About migrating from OpenShift Container Platform 3 to 4"

[discrete]
[id="mtc-3-to-4-overview-differences-mtc"]
=== Differences between {product-title} 3 and 4

> Differences between {product-title} 3 and 4: To successfully transition to {product-title} 4, review the following information:

Reviewer 4: Like in the other PR, I'd suggest removing the beginning snippets with the colon after it, like "Differences between {product-title} 3 and 4:" and just start with your normal sentence.

You could also consider adding an xref to the "differences" assembly, since you xref in most other section. You could also consider working in the "differences" wording into the sentence that you keep, since the one now talks about successfully transitioning, but this section is really about reviewing information prior to actually migrating.

** Architecture
** Installation and upgrade
** Storage, network, logging, security, and monitoring considerations

[discrete]
[id="mtc-3-to-4-overview-planning-network-considerations-mtc"]
=== Planning network considerations

> Planning network considerations: Before migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4 plan your network considerations, review the following information:

Reviewer 4: This sentence is a little hard to follow and could probably benefit from a small rewrite. Maybe something like"

```
Before migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4, review the following information to networking considerations:
```

Also suggest a link to the networking considerations doc

** DNS considerations
*** Isolating the DNS domain of the target cluster from the clients.
*** Setting up the target cluster to accept the source DNS domain.

> You can migrate stateful application workloads from {product-title} 3 to 4 at the granularity of a namespace. To know more about MTC see the xref:../migration_toolkit_for_containers/about-mtc.adoc#about-mtc[Understanding MTC].

Reviewer 4: These sentences and following note look a bit out of place. Where they are now is under the "networking considerations" section, but they look more generally applicable. Should they be moved somewhere else?

Also:
* To know more -> To learn more
* see the -> see

[NOTE]
====

> If you are migrating from {product-title} 3, see xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/about-migrating-from-3-to-4.adoc#about-migrating-from-3-to-4[About migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4] and xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/installing-3-4.adoc#migration-installing-legacy-operator_installing-3-4[Installing the legacy {mtc-full} Operator on {product-title} 3].

Reviewer 4: {mtc-full} isn't being replaced with anything. Is that a correct attribute?

Reviewer 3: It looks like the common-attributes.adoc module include is missing at the beginning of the assembly. The attribute is correct.

Author: Addressed

====

[discrete]
[id="mtc-overview-install-mtc"]

> == Installating MTC

Reviewer 4: Installating -> Installing

> You must install the Migration Toolkit for Containers that is compatible with your {product-title} version by using OLM. You manually install the legacy Migration Toolkit for Containers Operator on {product-title} 4.5 and earlier versions. You must configure an object storage to use as a replication repository. You can check the following items:

Reviewer 3: The first sentence is confusing because it suggests that each OCP version has its own MTC version and that OLM installs the Operator on all versions. Both are incorrect. There are only two MTC Operator versions, 1.6 (latest version, on OLM) and 1.5 (aka Legacy Operator, pulled from registry.redhat.com).

Suggest you change this to: "Install the Migration Toolkit for Containers Operator on your target cluster by using OLM. Install the Legacy Migration Toolkit for Containers Operator manually on your source cluster. Then configure object storage to use as a replication repository. 

You can format this as a procedure if you think it looks better.

Do not mention 4.5 and earlier because the user is migrating from 3 to 4. So we assume that the source cluster is 3.11 and that the target cluster is the current OCP version.

Author: Addressed

> * xref:../migration_toolkit_for_containers/installing-mtc.adoc#installing-mtc[Install migration Toolkit for Containers Operator on {product-title}]

Reviewer 4: This xref goes to the Migration Toolkit for Containers docs, instead of into the similar section in the migrating 3->4 docs. So anywhere where you have an xref that uses the path "migration_toolkit_for_containers", should probably be "migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4". But you'd just have to double check that they all still work properly - not sure if all of the file names are the same or not.

Author: Addressed

* xref:../migration_toolkit_for_containers/installing-mtc.adoc#configuring-replication-repository_installing-mtc[Configure replication repository]

[discrete]
[id="mtc-overview-upgrade-mtc"]
== Upgrading MTC

> You can xref:../migration_toolkit_for_containers/upgrading-mtc.adoc#upgrading-mtc[upgrade the MTC] by using Operator Lifecycle Manager.

Reviewer 3: > You can xref:../migration_toolkit_for_containers/upgrading-mtc.adoc#upgrading-mtc[upgrade the MTC] by using Operator Lifecycle Manager.

The correct info is [here](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.9/migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/upgrading-3-4.html):

You upgrade the Migration Toolkit for Containers (MTC) on OpenShift Container Platform 4.9 by using Operator Lifecycle Manager.

You upgrade MTC on OpenShift Container Platform 3 by reinstalling the legacy Migration Toolkit for Containers Operator.

Author: Addressed

* xref:../migration_toolkit_for_containers/advanced-migration-options-mtc.adoc#migration-hooks_advanced-migration-options-mtc[Creating migration hooks]
* xref:../migration_toolkit_for_containers/advanced-migration-options-mtc.adoc#migration-plan-options_advanced-migration-options-mtc[Options for migrating resources]
* xref:../migration_toolkit_for_containers/advanced-migration-options-mtc.adoc#migration-controller-options_advanced-migration-options-mtc[Migration controller options for improving performance]

[discrete]
[id="mtc-overview-troubleshooting-mtc"]
== Troubleshooting MTC
You can perform the following troubleshooting tasks:

* xref:../migration_toolkit_for_containers/troubleshooting-mtc.adoc#migration-viewing-migration-plan-resources_troubleshooting-mtc[Viewing plan resources]
* xref:../migration_toolkit_for_containers/troubleshooting-mtc.adoc#migration-viewing-migration-plan-log_troubleshooting-mtc[Viewing the migration plan aggregated log file]
* xref:../migration_toolkit_for_containers/troubleshooting-mtc.adoc#migration-using-mig-log-reader_troubleshooting-mtc[Using the migration log reader]

> * xref:../migration_toolkit_for_containers/troubleshooting-mtc.adoc#migration-accessing-performance-metrics_troubleshooting-mtc[Access performance metrics]

Reviewer 4: "Access" is "Accessing" in the other PR. Once you finish w/ the wording in the other one, I'd just come back to this one to make sure that any of those updates are made here as well.

[id="migration-from-version-3-to-4-overview"]
= Migration from version 3 to 4 overview
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: migration-from-version-3-to-4-overview

toc::[]

> {product-title} 4 clusters are different from {product-title} 3 clusters. {product-title} 4 clusters contain new technologies and functionality that result in a cluster that is self-managing, flexible, and automated. To learn more about migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4 see xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/about-migrating-from-3-to-4.adoc#about-migrating-from-3-to-4[about migrating from OpenShift Container Platform 3 to 4].

Reviewer 4: about -> About

(since you're using the "see <title>" method, you use the actual title of the section)

Author: acked

[id="mtc-3-to-4-overview-differences-mtc"]
=== Differences between {product-title} 3 and 4
Before migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4, you can check xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/planning-migration-3-4.adoc#planning-migration-3-4[differences between {product-title} 3 and 4]. Review the following information:

** Architecture
** Installation and upgrade
** Storage, network, logging, security, and monitoring considerations

[id="mtc-3-to-4-overview-planning-network-considerations-mtc"]
=== Planning network considerations

> Before migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4, review the following information to xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/planning-migration-3-4.adoc#migration-preparing-networking[networking considerations]:

Reviewer 4: I think you're either missing a word here or need to change a word (and I think this was my fault in my suggestion).

Right now it says "review the following information to networking considerations". Maybe it could be "review the following information on networking considerations"

Reviewer 3: I would add that this lead-in sentence looks strange because the link in the sentence has nothing to do with DNS considerations. The link points to considerations, while the "DNS considerations" are [here](https://deploy-preview-40171--osdocs.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/planning-considerations-3-4.html). 

It is confusing because there are two different sections called networking or network considerations. That should be changed but not in this PR.

I think you should remove the 'networking considerations' link because it points to a subsection of "Differences between 3 and 4", which you already refer to earlier. Then link the DNS considerations to their locations on the "Network considerations" page.

Author: acked

** DNS considerations
*** Isolating the DNS domain of the target cluster from the clients.
*** Setting up the target cluster to accept the source DNS domain.

> You can migrate stateful application workloads from {product-title} 3 to 4 at the granularity of a namespace. To learn more about MTC see xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/about-mtc-3-4.adoc#about-mtc-3-4[understanding MTC].

Reviewer 4: understanding -> Understanding (same reason as earlier comment)

Author: acked

[NOTE]
====
If you are migrating from {product-title} 3, see xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/about-migrating-from-3-to-4.adoc#about-migrating-from-3-to-4[About migrating from {product-title} 3 to 4] and xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/installing-3-4.adoc#migration-installing-legacy-operator_installing-3-4[Installing the legacy {mtc-full} Operator on {product-title} 3].
====

[id="mtc-overview-install-mtc"]
== Installing MTC
Review the following tasks to install the MTC:

. Install the {mtc-full} Operator on target cluster by using Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM).

> * {product-title} 4.6 and later versions: xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/installing-3-4.adoc#installing-3-4[Install the Migration Toolkit for Containers Operator by using OLM].

Reviewer 4: Should "{product-title} 4.6 and later versions: " be removed completely, based on @apinnick's comment that we assume that they are on the current OCP version?

Reviewer 3: Yes, @bergerhoffer is correct.

Author: acked

. Install the legacy {mtc-full} Operator on source cluster manually.
. xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/installing-3-4.adoc#configuring-replication-repository_installing-3-4[Configure object storage to use as a replication repository].

[id="mtc-overview-upgrade-mtc"]
== Upgrading MTC

> You can xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/upgrading-3-4.adoc#upgrading-3-4[upgrade the {mtc-full} ({mtc-short})] on {product-title} {product-version} by using OLM. You can upgrade {mtc-short} on {product-title} 3 by reinstalling the legacy {mtc-full} Operator.

Reviewer 3: Remove "can" in both cases. "You upgrade ..."

[id="mtc-overview-mtc-checklists"]
== Reviewing MTC checklists
Before you migrate your application workloads with the Migration Toolkit for Containers (MTC), review the xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/premigration-checklists-3-4.adoc#premigration-checklists-3-4[premigration checklists].

[id="mtc-overview-migrate-mtc-applications"]
== Migrating applications
You can migrate your applications by using the MTC xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/migrating-applications-3-4.adoc#migrating-applications-mtc-web-console_migrating-applications-3-4[web console] or xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/advanced-migration-options-3-4.adoc#migrating-applications-cli_advanced-migration-options-3-4[the command line].

[id="mtc-overview-advanced-migration-options"]
== Advanced migration options

> You can automate your migrations and modify the `MigPlan` and `MigrationController` custom resources in order to perform large-scale migrations and to improve performance. You can check the following items:

Reviewer 3: I don't think we need to specify which CRs we  can change. It's a bit too much detail for an overview.
"the `MigPlan` and `MigrationController` custom resources" > "MTC custom resources"

Checking the following items is not quite the right wording because these are options, not checklists.

Maybe this would work: "You can automate migrations and improve the performance of large-scale migrations by using the following options:"

Author: acked

> * xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/advanced-migration-options-3-4.adoc#migration-creating-registry-route-for-dim_advanced-migration-options-3-4[Create a registry route for direct image migration]

Reviewer 3: Create > Creating

Author: acked

> * xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/advanced-migration-options-3-4.adoc#migration-configuring-proxies_advanced-migration-options-3-4[Configuring proxies]

Reviewer 3: Remove this item. Also prerequisite for CLI migration

Author: acked

> * xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/advanced-migration-options-3-4.adoc#migration-migrating-applications-api_advanced-migration-options-3-4[Migrating an application by using the MTC API]

Reviewer 3: Remove this item. Migrating from the CLI is not really an advanced option. It ended up there because customers expected all the automation-specific sections to be here. But you already link to migration from CLI, so you do not need to include the "MTC API" line.

Author: acked

* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/advanced-migration-options-3-4.adoc#migration-state-migration-cli_advanced-migration-options-3-4[Running a state migration]
* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/advanced-migration-options-3-4.adoc#migration-hooks_advanced-migration-options-3-4[Creating migration hooks]
* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/advanced-migration-options-3-4.adoc#migration-plan-options_advanced-migration-options-3-4[Editing, excluding, and mapping migrated resources]
* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/advanced-migration-options-3-4.adoc#migration-controller-options_advanced-migration-options-3-4[Configuring the migration controller for large migrations]

[id="mtc-overview-troubleshooting-mtc"]
== Troubleshooting migrations
You can perform the following troubleshooting tasks:

> * xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-viewing-migration-plan-resources_troubleshooting-3-4[Viewing plan resources]

Reviewer 3: "Viewing plan resources" > "Viewing migration plan resources by using the MTC web console"

Author: acked

* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-viewing-migration-plan-log_troubleshooting-3-4[Viewing the migration plan aggregated log file]
* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-using-mig-log-reader_troubleshooting-3-4[Using the migration log reader]
* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-accessing-performance-metrics_troubleshooting-3-4[Accessing performance metrics]
* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-using-must-gather_troubleshooting-3-4[Using the `must-gather` tool]
* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-debugging-velero-resources_troubleshooting-3-4[Using the Velero CLI to debug Backup and Restore CRs]

> * xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-partial-failure-velero_troubleshooting-3-4[Debugging a partial migration failure]

Reviewer 3: Remove debugging partial failure. It is a subsection of Velero CLI tool.

Author: acked

* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#migration-using-mtc-crs-for-troubleshooting_troubleshooting-3-4[Using MTC custom resources for troubleshooting]
* xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#common-issues-and-concerns_troubleshooting-3-4[Checking common issues and concerns]

[id="mtc-overview-roll-back-mtc"]
== Rolling back a migration
You can xref:../migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/troubleshooting-3-4.adoc#rolling-back-migration_troubleshooting-3-4[roll back a migration] by using the MTC web console, the CLI or manually.

[id="mtc-overview-uninstall-mtc"]
== Uninstalling MTC and deleting resources

> You can uninstall the MTC and delete its resources to clean up the cluster. To learn more see xref:../operators/admin/olm-deleting-operators-from-cluster.adoc#olm-deleting-operators-from-a-cluster-using-web-console_olm-deleting-operators-from-cluster[deleting Operators from a cluster using the web console].

Reviewer 3: THis is not correct. We have a section about [uninstalling the Operator and cleaning resources](https://deploy-preview-40171--osdocs.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/migration_toolkit_for_containers/troubleshooting-mtc.html#migration-uninstalling-mtc-clean-up_troubleshooting-mtc). You need to link to that section.

I moved it [recently](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/40633), so rebase your branch so that you can link correctly.

Author: acked
